docs: add UpgradeKeyChain (#2568)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: tfhe/docs/fhe-computation/advanced-features/upgrade-key-chain.md

# Upgrade Key Chain

This document describes how one can use the `UpgradeKeyChain` to be able to
easily upgrade a ciphertext that is under older parameters to newer parameters.

> It is different and complementary to the safe serialization feature, as the
> safe serialization feature allows loading ciphertexts generated
> with a previous TFHE-rs version if the ciphertext structurally changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is different and complementary to the data versioning feature, as the
data versioning feature allows loading ciphertexts generated
with a previous TFHE-rs version if the ciphertext structurally changed.
```
